Update set-password-expiration-policy.md (#11159)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/set-password-expiration-policy.md

  
1. Select **Password expiration policy**.
  

> 1. If you want users to have to change passwords, uncheck the box next to **Set passwords to never expire**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you want users to be able to change passwords, uncheck the box next to **Set passwords to never expire**.
```
